and there the ritz in kraft here and today you
I bring a new tutorial in which you
I will explain a trick to
find fruits and things so we're going to
it
I come here now white
Y
wood
also to a cave and once I go to
try to get stream now I come by
here I come here and I leave this for the
next time I want to use it I had to
more or less around here
to apply here also and here to
do some stairs worth
strategically I take the anton and the
I put and that I take the water and as
that we had seen was down and
gravel
being based on Balearics
well and we are on the route that we had
found and here I have another one so that
see how useful is more or less you see
how do you do it
I will give him
this is a message
great you see there right there where I am
marking there you see it better because I do not put
a little thing when you see there is a trunk and
there's no more
this is fine to find more
follow routes and another paul
It's worth, it's worth, I like this, I 'm going to
try to get there
to pick me up a couple of reston I do not know
if you brought me enough
Well, I'm going to start applying here
with my diamond peak I have found
paul austin ole diamond and 8 of the skin
blue and that pretty strange and I can
make me pumpkins and melon well I'll go
to teach you
what is this clip about this bug
we have to put one of slow store no
there is no other material can only be
tom blogs now we put a little path of
rest
We put a wall here so that
we can push us we are here
and look there's a route and that's where
other
I will try to get there
here the lava lake I will go and here
I am in this tremendous lake of lava and
I hope you liked this tutorial
that the six of you must have a couple of
sites of the with your excursions
underground and you can find many
things like for example the diamond that
I was myself so until another